Hello Hello
from the city of Khmelnitsky Ukraine Where are you from
Volgograd at the moment and where do you
live in different cities Moscow Peter and that
Volgograd brought
strawberries
came
to Moscow on the crayfish market
and how much crayfish in Volgograd how much
Moscow costs
this for how many crayfish per kilogram
per kilogram  the difference is 1000 rubles Yes
But in addition to the crayfish here, the heat is 30 degrees
in Moscow,
I thought that you came for the sake of Volgograd
These are your marriages for 2000 not for 3
France now on crayfish
Volgograd
can’t even afford even me, and I’m such a beggar,
so
why did I become an expensive one I can’t understand what
happened
other routes I
have to fly
something before the sanction, like flew to
oysters to France And now you fly to
crayfish Volgograd
[music  ]
I understand, that is, lobsters didn’t come to you, But
Volgograd crayfish come in. If you
ate, you can appreciate that the meat is more tender in
what kind of crab in general,
we don’t like crabs at
all  there is shorter until you fall there
will be nothing,
for example, I correctly understood what is
happening Now you are not going
to go to France for oysters very expensive,
you understand [music]
speech No,
I want a reason why it won’t work for you, you
understand how Ukrainians
I want to understand why you have to
fly through Turkey Serbia
What happened Why why don’t you have it
now
look Yes Sergey Sergey Viktorovich
Yes, that’s what happened that you don’t have a direct
flight to  France
Sergeevich why are you not here
I ask what happened
Explain why you don’t have a direct
flight to France What
absolutely something else happened it was
import substitution that we replaced
imported oysters Yes with Volga crayfish
Yes, everything
yourself you don’t work
how she crap he understands everything  through the
war because of the war Why don’t you have a
direct flight to me you won’t take
me out you said that I won’t say my
farts explode I won’t say I won’t say
I’ll eat Volga cancer but I won’t tell
you
Santa’s beauty doesn’t work guys
doesn’t work at all Not  it works
absolutely shorter before it was possible to
fly shorter to eat oysters in
France and walk along
their streets and now you are sitting in Volgograd 40
degrees
here is the
Volga crayfish for 3000 rubles not for 2000
rubles there is Moscow but for 2000 it is the
Volga but for three but the Volga on this
Moscow but for three Yes there are waxes for
two Yes
sanctions will squeeze you Freaks yes Glory to
Ukraine